hi in this video I'll will be showing
you how you can generate eight
directions for your pixel art characters
using
pixelab first you want to open the
single rotation tool and then put in
values that fit your character in my
case I want to generate a character
facing Southeast so I select that in the
two direction
option you might not get a perfect
result uh every try so don't be afraid
to retry try and see if you get
something better in your next
Generation we allow our users to
generate above the uh limits that's
shown on a web page so don't be afraid
to uh try things
out uh once you're pretty happy with the
result you can go in and make some small
edits and fix some of the pixels that
might not have been generated correctly
and and uh then you can go on to
generate the next
frame some directions are harder than
others so they might require more fixing
but you should usually get a pretty good
uh template to uh draw on so you will
save a lot of
time and Northeast at the moment a bit
harder than the other directions so in
this case I'm going to use a init image
to help the model get a better
understanding of what I want so what I'm
doing here I'm just creating a simple
shape with just coloring in like what it
should kind of look like and then the uh
model will do the rest for me here I'm
probably being a little bit too much of
a perfectionist you don't have to be
this detailed in your init
image uh getting the right init image
strength takes some playing around to
get a feeling for but in general if the
uh image looks too much like your init
image then you have a init image
strength that is too high and if it
doesn't look enough like your init image
it is too low so yeah it's it's good to
play around a bit and see what
works and here for my North generation
what I'm going to do is something that
is pretty powerful which is you first
generate an image
you fix it up a bit and then you use it
as a init image in your next
Generation with this you can iterally uh
improve the image and save a lot of time
which I highly
recommend and at this point it's just
about making some small edit improving
the rotation manually so I'm going to
speed things
up thank you for watching in the next
video I will be showing how I made the
walking animation and the attack
animation so remember to subscribe so
you don't miss it and I will see you in
the next
video